83 setup script (#85)
canonical/sphinx-docs-starter-pack: readme.rst

See the `Sphinx and Read the Docs <https://canonical-documentation-with-sphinx-and-readthedocscom.readthedocs-hosted.com/>`_ guide for instructions on how to get started with Sphinx documentation.

Then go through the following sections to use this starter pack to set up your documentation repository.

Prerequisites
-------------

Before you begin, ensure you have the following:

>  * A GitHub repository where you want to host your documentation. The recommended approach is to host the documentation alongside your code in a `docs` folder. But a standalone documentation repo is also an option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * A GitHub repository where you want to host your documentation. The recommended approach is to host the documentation alongside your code in a `docs` folder. But a standalone documentation repository is also an option.
```
Check the spelling check for other typos. ;)

Then go through the following sections to use this starter pack to set up your docs repository.

Prerequisites
------------------------------------

Before you begin, ensure you have the following:

>  * A GitHub repository where you want to host your documentation. The recommended approach is to host the documentation alonside your code in a `docs` folder. But a standalone docs repo is also an option.

Reviewer 2: Add "alonside" to .wordlist.txt  :-D

 * Git and Bash installed on your system.

Bootstrap your documentation repository

> ------------------------------------

Reviewer 2: Does that build? Underline shorter than the heading ...

Author: Fixed.

Bootstrap your repository by following these steps:

 * Copy [bootstrap.sh](bootstrap.sh) to your repository's root directory.

>  * Run the script: ``./boostrap.sh``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Run the script: ``./bootstrap.sh``
```

Author: good catch!

>  * Enter the installation directory when prompted. For standalone repos, enter ".". For docs alonside code, enter "docs".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Enter the installation directory when prompted. For standalone repositories, enter ".". For documentation alongside code, enter "docs".
```

There's a few more cases of "repo" and "docs", which we shouldn't use imo. They'll also break the spelling check.

Author: Cool, updated.

> When the script completes, your repository will have the starter sphinx docs files added. Commit your changes.

Reviewer: We should add a summary of what the script does somewhere in this section. You can't expect anybody to want to run a script that copies files around without telling them what the script will do. ;)

Author: Added a description.

> When the script completes, your repository will have the starter sphinx docs files added. Commit your changes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the script completes, your repository will have the files added that are needed to get started with Sphinx documentation. Commit your changes.
```

**Note:** When configuring RTD itself for your project, the setting **Path for
.readthedocs.yaml** (under **Advanced Settings**) will need to be given the relative path to ``.readthedocs.yaml``, including the installation directory e.g. ``docs/.readthedocs.yaml``.

> Local Development

Reviewer: Why is that heading better?

> Local Development

Author: I felt that it better describes the content, which describes how to build and run and develop locally.

Also, the user may not only want to consult this when getting started.

Also, the user has already god started by running the bootstrap so it felt a bit weird telling them to get started mid doc.

> Local Development

Reviewer: OK, I see the point about "Getting started" not being good, but I don't like the **local** development. At this time, we don't have anything else (RTD hasn't been set up, and we want everybody to build their docs locally first before doing anything else). So maybe just "Development" or "Start working" or "Build and view the docs" or something?
